what's up guys
micros here rocking guitar lessons
dot-com and youtube.com slash rocking
guitar lessons one that's asking
alexandria with someone somewhere so
thanks for tuning in
let's do this lesson drop see I believe
as it drops to use C sharp
I was tuned a tiny bit short but it's
drop C sharp no I'm sorry it's drop C
yeah drop C and this one so um if you
want to play along with them you want to
have the drop D concept with it's a
whole step lower so let's jump into it
palm muting all downstrokes in here and
asking alexandria I notice they do big
stretches man so some of the stuff you
may think that no should be on the other
string that's too hard but if you want
to keep the integrity and do it like
them let's do it the way they're doing
it even if we have short fingers which
mine aren't but um all shapes and sizes
so three times palm muted on the fifth
fret and then third finger eighth fret a
gonna be the hard stretch probably just
that
back to the community string five then
go pinky 10a and paw me at the again on
five
third finger 70
and then you repeat that
so tuning lesson two
okay back to the lesson so the next part
after those
same beat and everything same rhythm I
borrow or go to fret 8 on the E and your
melody this will be so we're going so
I'm born the eighth fret on the ena palm
you and the a none of the A's are palm
unit just the E string only back to the
8th fret then third finger 10 a and then
pinky 12 and then start it over
but you'll just do three hits there on
the heat and then go metal finger 10a
back to the immunity and then 8d pinky
12 a middle finger today
okay then we move over to third fret
so this one's tricky cuz you gotta do
some string skipping here three three
three low e-string palm-muted and then
3d and then back to the three heat pump
and then third finger 5d back to the
third fret heat pump muted 7d a pinkie
on that back two three hits on the low E
and then 5d and back to one hit on the E
string third fret and then 3G or first
finger 7d pinkie and 5d middle finger so
that part will go then
open e-13 palm is third fret d back to
the open e palm you didn't go 5d and
then to open palm muted ease that part
is seven five three on the G with pinky
middle finger and first finger then
pinky seven D first finger 3 G's pinky 7
d a middle finger 5 D first finger 3
all right so if you have to break it
into little subgroups it's a good habit
to get into little pieces and just
repeat it like a loop and then go to the
next one and do that and then connect
the first subgroup with the second and
build off it that way that we can fine
tune everything it won't seem
overwhelming just makes more sense that
way so anyways so the person that we
crust requested this hope it works for
you if you have any questions just let
me know on the comments section asking
alexandria someone somewhere my website
rocking guitar lessons commonly quit be
watching for that in july of 2012
hopefully you become a member there it's
very affordable twenty dollars a month
and a new approach to online lessons so
be watching for that subscribe to my
youtube channel that's rocking guitar
lessons 1 and comment like and ask
questions if you have any questions on
this song case talk to you soon make
sure you drop see on your tuning